The true history of ancient Egypt is far older than what we were taught in
school. And in this video,
I'm going to give you three examples that will make you rethink virtually
everything you thought you knew about the age of the ancient Egyptians. You see,
according to our textbooks,
the great pyramid of Giza Egypt was constructed roughly 4,500 years
ago, or in the year 2,500 BC. But let's be clear.
They do not know that with absolute certainty,
as there are far too many unanswered questions and mysteries about the ancient
Egyptians.
This is why you'll see words like suggests when modern historians
discussed the purported age of the great pyramid,
because they ultimately do not have definitive proof of when it was constructed,
much less. How so make no mistake. It truly is a mystery.
And this is where things start to get weird because there is new evidence that
has come to light in modern times that strongly suggests that the
world's oldest largest and most mysterious structures ever made is
actually thousands of years older than what we were taught.
Let me first share with you an ancient artifact that very few people are aware
of, which is commonly referred to as the newbie and egg,
which was discovered in a 7,000 year old tomb in the Nubian desert of
sedan.
And I was completely unaware of this incredible artifact until I visited the
Nubian museum in Asan Egypt. Well, I toured ancient Egypt sites late last year.
What you're looking at here is a decorated Oster JAG, which like I said,
was discovered in a tomb that was carbon dated to 7,000 years ago.
And what do you see on this egg? Well,
if you ask me that is the depiction of three pyramids,
but let me be clear upfront.
The so-called experts have said that they couldn't possibly be pyramid since
this Relic is 2,500 years older than the great pyramid of Giza.
So of course it couldn't possibly be depicting pyramids.
Thus they've claimed this must be just a depiction of mountains.
End of story. Nothing to see here,
but when you take a closer look,
what on earth are those lines supposed to be? I mean,
nevermind that this drawing would be illustrating some pretty bizarre shaped
mountains. Like I've never seen before. I mean, come on.
This was found in the new Bian desert of Sudan, which mountains exactly are,
is this supposed to be portraying? I mean,
if they are going to adamantly claim that these are just mountains,
then which mountains specifically are they suggesting it's supposed to be?
I took it upon myself to look up the various mountain chains that are located in
sedan. And I have to say that I found nothing of the sort, I mean,
is this supposed to be of the 9,800 foot to Reba caldera?
Which obviously looks nothing like it or perhaps the teal mountains in
Eastern Sudan? Um, no.
Or what about the El taco mountains?
I have to say that that's obviously best choice when compared to the others,
but that would have to be a rather terrible pictorial example of them on this
egg. I mean, just compare the two of them together.
And I'd say that it's simply not a match considering how sharply shaped this
depiction is. And I'm just not seeing a connection here. And to be fair,
nobody that's claimed that this pictorial images of mountains has actually
claimed that they are of the all Taka mountains. Like I said,
I simply took it upon myself to research various mountains located in sedan to
see if there was any type of connection. And with that said,
I have to say that the newbie and pyramids located in Sudan seemed to resemble
the angle of the drawings based on the unique steepness compared to other
pyramids, such as the ones we find in Giza. However,
these pyramids were constructed some 2000 years after the pyramids of
Giza and approximately 5,000 years after the Nubian egg
itself. But most importantly, and getting back to the point,
I made a moment ago about the lines on the depiction. Let's be real.
This is exactly what pyramids are. They consist of layers of steps,
which results in the pyramid itself.
So I have to say that this in itself rules out that they are mountains.
I like to think for myself, and this just is not what mountains look like,
which is exactly what the experts claim them to be.
And they do not allege them to be of the newbie and pyramids either. But again,
of some unspecified mountains and there just so happens to be three of them,
which is what we happened to find on the Giza plateau relatively,
not far away up the Nile river,
the same place where modern researchers have already suggested that the pyramids
of Giza are much, much older than what we thought possible, but of course,
nothing here is certain.
And this depiction certainly does not prove that the great pyramid is more than
7,000 years old. However, it is certainly worthy of discussion and debate.
Nevertheless,
there is more to this egg than just those pyramid mountains or whatever you want
to call them. Notice the zigzag shape to the right of it.
Could this be the Nile river? I mean,
it's not hard to suggest it when you consider the fact that the Nile does indeed
zigzag for thousands of mountains all the way down to the Nubian desert of
Sudan. And not only that, it happens to be the,
on the right or that say the Eastern side of the potentially annotated pyramids,
which is exactly the case of what we find in Cairo with the Nile river being
east of the Giza plateau. But that's not all,
this is just one side of the egg. When we go to the other side,
we get another depiction of the same pyramid shaped formation. However,
with this different unique formation to the right of it could this once again,
be depicting the Nile river because when you consider the area of the Nile known
as the [inaudible] Oasis, which is south and west of Cairo,
and which today resembles the shape of a heart,
consider how this shape on the egg stems sharp to the left, or that say west,
and is now below, or let's say south of the possible pyramid depiction.
This is very similar to what we see in Egypt. The film Oasis, like I said,
is south of Giza and extends to the west. Now,
here is one point that must be mentioned,
which is that the path and shape of the Nile river today is not the same as it
was thousands of years ago.
The river has moved past many times over the last several thousand years as this
has been something that's been studied since extensively.
So we should not assume that the depictions on this egg,
assuming that it is of the Nile would be exactly the same as it were when it was
drawn some 7,000 years ago.
And of course these are indeed rudimentary drawings onto an OSR JAG.
So it's not like it would be perfect or much less drawn to scale either.
But come on the two drawings of the so-called mountains on this egg have
lines that go right through them. So I'm just going to say it.
I think that this is annotating pyramids. I mean,
I've already been highly suspicious that the great pyramid and the pyramids of
Giza, as well as certain other sites around Egypt are much,
much older than what they are alleged to be.
But when it comes to sciencing things out,
I'll save my suspicions for another video,
because there is another fascinating aspect of this egg that really makes me
wonder. And my friend, Johanna James,
who was traveling with me in Egypt last year, made a great video discussing it,
which real quick, go check out her channel. You'll love it.
But look at the top here of this egg, these circular rings.
Hmm. Where on earth have we seen that before?
The lost city of Atlantis was said to consist of three rings of water and two of
land.
And let's not forget that the legend of the lost city of Atlantis originates
from the ancient Egyptians themselves.
That's a fact that most people are not aware of as the ancient Greek
philosopher, Plato gets all the credit,
but Egypt is where the legend of a lost circular city consisting of
three rings of water and to have land comes from. So when you look at this here,
tell me that's not what we're seeing or at least possibly. I mean,
I really wish I had better photos,
but the great news is that I'll be back in Egypt,
this October with Brian Forester. And I will be sure to get high definition,
pictures and videos of this egg this time around. But I don't know,
guys, I think there's something here, here, and whoever the person was,
it was buried with this egg was perhaps trying to tell a story of this person's
various travels through life,
or possibly even pass down and spread the tale of the steroid ancient city of
Atlantis, which the Egyptians were said to have came from.
This is something I will discuss more in another video,
but going to back to my main point,
which is that Egypt was much older than what we were taught.
Let me bring you to the second point of this video,
which is another profound discovery that came about late last year.
At the same time that I happened to be traveling through Egypt.
What you're seeing here are pieces of ancient Cedar wood that have been
preserved after being removed from the great pyramid back in 1872,
it was then taken to a museum in Britain,
but it went missing for more than a century,
not long after arriving at the museum.
And it turns out that was due to a filing error and it sat in the museums
archives for well over a hundred years. But in late 2020,
it was rediscovered within the museums archives. And when it was carbon dated,
researchers were blown away at the findings.
So get this at a minimum.
This would dates back at least 514 years older
than the suggested date for the great pyramids construction.
And that was the headline that made rounds around the world that a piece of wood
that is 500 years older than the pyramid in which it was found inside of.
However,
there was a range of dating for the wood that most articles did not mention,
which is that it could be as much as 781 years older
than the suggested construction date of the great pyramid. That's 267 years,
more than 514 years. So in other words,
nearly 800 years older than the purported age of the great pyramid.
I mean, that's closer to a thousand years older than the pyramids, and yes,
I shouldn't get carried away with rounding up, but that's substantial.
But that aside,
what are the possible explanations for a 5,000 year old piece of wood being
found in a 4,500 year old pyramid? Well,
the experts came up with three different possible explanations,
but I have to say that of the three of them,
two of them are unbelievably weak excuses. For example,
one suggested possibility is that the wood was already 500 years old when it was
used for the construction of the pyramid because trees were rare in the deserts
of Egypt. So it would have been recycled, but you know, I'm sorry,
that has to be one of the laziest possibilities out there. I mean,
I just don't buy it because to suggest that a piece of wood would be
continuously recycled for five centuries, sounds less than feasible,
especially when you consider that it would be used to construct something as
enormously heavy and massive as a fricking pyramid. I mean, come on,
give me a break.
But another possibility was at the 500 year old wood was intentionally used
because of its age in order to honor the Pharaoh and the extensive age and
history of Egypt. Now, nah, I'm not buying that either. I mean,
really? I ain't come on. Hey, look, here's some really old wood.
That's just throw this all in, in here in the pyramid and onto the fare over,
give it an artistic edge based on its age. I mean, come on please.
But let me say this the best and most probable possibility given was that the
Cedar tree itself may have already been hundreds of years old when it was cut
down and used for the pyramids construction.
And when we consider that Cedars can live up to a thousand years and age,
that's certainly is a possibility.
I feel like more scientific testing needs to be done on this wood to establish
various possibilities of its age and where it may have originated from.
But when we think of an Oster,
Jake being with pyramids drawn on it being placed inside of a 7,000 year old
tomb,
it makes me think that the Cedar wood itself was placed inside the pyramid far
earlier than 4,500 years ago.
Now the third point of this video to build the case at the true age of the
ancient Egyptians is thousands of years older than we thought.
It brings me back to a point that I've mentioned in many prior videos,
but it must be repeated as much as possible.
So far more people can become aware of it as it is unbelievably significant
scientific evidence that is ultimately undeniable to anyone that's actually done
the research, which is the remarkable amount of rain,
water erosion around the enclosure of the great Springs of Giza to make a long
story short.
We all know that Egypt is one dry place and the last time it had any significant
rainfall was nearly 9,000 years ago.
Yet there appears to be many thousands of years of water erosion around the
limestone bedrock of its enclosure that it was carved out of.
This becomes even more interesting when we consider that the Sphinx itself was
known to have been consumed with sand for thousands of years.
So the question becomes when did the rain water erosion happen?
And when the so-called experts have claimed that the Sphinx is most likely
around 4,200 years old, and by the way,
they say that without any real proof, nowhere in Egypt,
will you find any depictions or any type of documents of the Sphinx or when,
or how it was constructed,
nor do we even know for sure who the person whose face was re carved into it,
there are theories, but nothing is certain. Think about that.
You see the science,
which is something we hear about all the time nowadays tells us that the Sphinx
is significantly older by many thousands of years. The water erosion is there.
Geologists have extensively studied it and concluded that the erosion is so
significant.
They would have had to have taken many thousands of years to reach this point.
And again,
this is despite the fact that the Spinks was buried in sand for the last
thousand, a couple thousand years already.
This becomes even more interesting when you consider all of the recent
scientific studies that have come out,
explaining how the Sahara desert went from being tropical green to a desert in
barely a century. And as recently as 4,500 years ago,
the same general timeframe of the dates that they ascribed to the great pyramid
and the Sphinx for being constructed. Guys, this is exciting. I mean,
we were literally living on the precipice of learning that the earth changes
naturally and dramatically in far shorter periods of time than what most anyone
thought was possible.
And I think that's exactly what happened to Egypt and why there's the true
history of it is surrounded by so much mystery on unanswered questions.
I really don't think that they chose to build these incredible structures in the
middle of a barren desert, although the Nile river is there, but it seems to me,
especially when we look at the dating,
that it's far more likely that they've started constructing ancient Egypt at the
same time that the Sahara was green. And by the way,
Egypt is in the Sahara desert.
And when you consider the 4,500 year old dates for,
let's say Hara turning from green to desert and the alleged construction of the
pyramids, which honestly is not surrounded by much evidence at all.
I think this is the missing link here on explanation of why we have no idea who
did it and when, but the point is ultimately this,
that the true history of ancient Egyptians is many thousands of years older than
what we were taught.
And it's not until you look at all the little nuance details that you can start
to understand this. And I believe that within our lifetimes,
we are going to learn many,
many amazing things about our true history of humanity.
Probably the most incredible discoveries are a lifetime aside from early ones.
Cause they're apparently already here. Um, now I have a lot more to say,
and I couldn't be more excited about my next video,
which is going to talk about the origins of the Egyptians and it's going to tie
into many other things, but that video will come after I get back from Peru,
which I'm heading out on in just a few days. That's right.
I'm going to Peru for the very first time ever. In fact,
my first trip ever to self the Southern hemisphere and I'm going with Brian
Forester and Ben of uncharted X, and it is going to be amazing.
We're going to all the notable sites and it's going to be incredible.
I'll be taking tens of thousands of photos again and videos that will be used in
many future videos to come, which I'm already sitting on.
So many images there'll be used in videos from my trip to Egypt.
And like I said, I'm going to Egypt this October again anyways.
So I'll be able to have all kinds of great videos to come. Um,
but let me see here,
follow me on Instagram because that's where we'll be uploading photos and videos
and blogs daily. So it's bright insight.
Instagram you'll find a link in the description and the pin comments,
but with all that said, I'm going to wrap this up.
I've got to go pack my bags for Peru, but my name's Jimmy,
my channel is called bright insights,
hit the like button and subscribe and leave a comments,
sharing your thoughts on these relics on the 7,000 year-old Austra jig,
which with pyramids on them. I mean, if you think they're mountains, explain,
leave a smart comment and explain a way. Cause it just seems, I mean,
I think they're pyramids, just look at them,
but that's also talk and leave a comment about the wood being found in the
pyramid being hundreds of years older than age of the pyramids itself.
I mean, what's the explanation for that as well as leave a comments,
discussing the Spinks water erosion. That's something people, like I said,
it's undeniable, but people still debate it,
but it's kind of hard to understand because it's like the water erosions there.
So when are they suggesting it happened and how, I mean,
it was buried for the last few thousand years. I already said this.
I'll wrap this up anyways. Again, I'm Jimmy with channels called bright insight.
Take care, everybody.